docs/log-files.adoc, before:

== Log Files
A typical log file looks like the following:
```
2017/04/18 03:52:36 [12413389] [SESSION_ATTEMPTED] [my_quota] [192.168.2.3] [firefox-42.0] [firefox42-1.example.com:4444] [1]
2017/04/18 03:52:40 [12413389] [SESSION_FAILED] [my_quota] [192.168.2.3] [firefox-42.0] [firefox42-1.example.com:4444] Error forwarding the new session Request timed out waiting for a node to become available.
2017/04/18 03:52:40 [12413390] [SESSION_ATTEMPTED] [my_quota] [192.168.2.3] [firefox-42.0] [firefox42-5.example.com:4444] [2]
2017/04/18 03:52:45 [12413390] [5.86s] [SESSION_CREATED] [my_quota] [192.168.2.3] [firefox-42.0] [firefox42-5.example.com:4444] [0c500a6f-98d2-4871-acb7-637d85e1416a] [2]
....
2017/04/18 03:53:05 [SESSION_DELETED] [192.168.2.3] [firefox42-5.example.com:4444] [0c500a6f-98d2-4871-acb7-637d85e1416a]
```
Every line contains:

.Log entry contents
|===
| Field | Example | Notes 
 
| Time | 2017/04/18 03:52:36 | - 
| Request counter | [12413389] | Only present for new session requests. So far as session ID is unknown when doing attempts this counter is used to find all session attempts for each new session request. 
| Status | [SESSION_ATTEMPTED] | See table below for complete list of statuses. 
| Quota name | [my_quota] | Extracted from basic HTTP auth headers. 
| User IP | [192.168.2.3] | IPv4 or IPv6 address 
| Browser | [firefox-42.0] | Name and version. Only present for new session requests. 
| Hub host | [firefox42-1.example.com:4444] | Host from quota XML file 
| Attempt number | [1] | For SESSION_ATTEMPTED entries means current attempt number. For SESSION_CREATED entries means total number of attempts to create this session. 
| Session ID | [0c500a6f-98d2-4871-acb7-637d85e1416a] | As arrived from hub 
| Session start time | [5.86s] | - 
| Error | Error forwarding the new session Request timed out waiting for a node to become available. | Only present for SESSION_FAILED
|===

The following statuses are available:

.Log entry statuses
|===
| Status | Description 
 
| BAD_JSON | User request does not contain valid Selenium data 
| BAD_RESPONSE | Upstream server returned data using unknown JSON protocol 
| BROWSER_NOT_SET | Browser name is not present or empty string 
| CLIENT_DISCONNECTED | User disconnected and doing session attempts was interrupted 
| INIT | Server initialization messages 
| INVALID_HOST_VNC_URL | Failed to parse VNC host URL specified in quota configuration 
| INVALID_VNC_REQUEST_URL | VNC request URL do not contain enough information to determine upstream host 
| INVALID_VIDEO_REQUEST_URL | Video request URL do not contain enough information to determine upstream host 
| INVALID_URL | Session ID does not contain information about host where it was created 
| PROXYING | Proxying Selenium request (shown in verbose mode only) 
| PROXYING_TO_VNC | Starting to proxy VNC traffic 
| PROXYING_VIDEO | Starting to proxy video from upstream host 
| QUOTA_INFO_REQUESTED | Quota information request arrived 
| ROUTE_NOT_FOUND | Trying to proxy session to unknown host. Usually means quota files inconsistency between multiple Ggr instances. 
| SESSION_ATTEMPTED | New user request for session arrived 
| SESSION_CREATED | A new session was created and returned to user 
| SESSION_DELETED | Existing session was deleted by user request 
| SESSION_FAILED | Session attempt on specified host failed 
| SESSION_NOT_CREATED | Attempts to create a new session on all hosts failed. An error was returned to user. 
| SHUTTING_DOWN | Server is shutting down and waiting graceful shutdown timeout for currently proxied requests to finish  
| UNKNOWN_VNC_HOST | Requested to proxy VNC to host not present in quota 
| UNKNOWN_VIDEO_HOST | Requested to proxy video to host not present in quota 
| UNSUPPORTED_BROWSER | Requested browser name and version is not present in quota 
| UNSUPPORTED_HOST_VNC_SCHEME | Invalid URL protocol specified for host in quota VNC configuration (should be vnc:// or ws://) 
| VNC_CLIENT_DISCONNECTED | Client disconnected from VNC API 
| VNC_ERROR | An error occurred when trying to proxy VNC traffic 
| VNC_SESSION_CLOSED | Client closed VNC session
|===

Commit message:

Added ability to proxy downloaded files (fixes #168)

docs/log-files.adoc, after:

== Log Files
A typical log file looks like the following:
```
2017/04/18 03:52:36 [12413389] [SESSION_ATTEMPTED] [my_quota] [192.168.2.3] [firefox-42.0] [firefox42-1.example.com:4444] [1]
2017/04/18 03:52:40 [12413389] [SESSION_FAILED] [my_quota] [192.168.2.3] [firefox-42.0] [firefox42-1.example.com:4444] Error forwarding the new session Request timed out waiting for a node to become available.
2017/04/18 03:52:40 [12413390] [SESSION_ATTEMPTED] [my_quota] [192.168.2.3] [firefox-42.0] [firefox42-5.example.com:4444] [2]
2017/04/18 03:52:45 [12413390] [5.86s] [SESSION_CREATED] [my_quota] [192.168.2.3] [firefox-42.0] [firefox42-5.example.com:4444] [0c500a6f-98d2-4871-acb7-637d85e1416a] [2]
....
2017/04/18 03:53:05 [SESSION_DELETED] [192.168.2.3] [firefox42-5.example.com:4444] [0c500a6f-98d2-4871-acb7-637d85e1416a]
```
Every line contains:

.Log entry contents
|===
| Field | Example | Notes 
 
| Time | 2017/04/18 03:52:36 | - 
| Request counter | [12413389] | Only present for new session requests. So far as session ID is unknown when doing attempts this counter is used to find all session attempts for each new session request. 
| Status | [SESSION_ATTEMPTED] | See table below for complete list of statuses. 
| Quota name | [my_quota] | Extracted from basic HTTP auth headers. 
| User IP | [192.168.2.3] | IPv4 or IPv6 address 
| Browser | [firefox-42.0] | Name and version. Only present for new session requests. 
| Hub host | [firefox42-1.example.com:4444] | Host from quota XML file 
| Attempt number | [1] | For SESSION_ATTEMPTED entries means current attempt number. For SESSION_CREATED entries means total number of attempts to create this session. 
| Session ID | [0c500a6f-98d2-4871-acb7-637d85e1416a] | As arrived from hub 
| Session start time | [5.86s] | - 
| Error | Error forwarding the new session Request timed out waiting for a node to become available. | Only present for SESSION_FAILED
|===

The following statuses are available:

.Log entry statuses
|===
| Status | Description 
 
| BAD_JSON | User request does not contain valid Selenium data 
| BAD_RESPONSE | Upstream server returned data using unknown JSON protocol 
| BROWSER_NOT_SET | Browser name is not present or empty string 
| CLIENT_DISCONNECTED | User disconnected and doing session attempts was interrupted 
| INIT | Server initialization messages 
| INVALID_HOST_VNC_URL | Failed to parse VNC host URL specified in quota configuration 
| INVALID_DOWNLOAD_REQUEST_URL | Download request URL do not contain enough information to determine upstream host 
| INVALID_VNC_REQUEST_URL | VNC request URL do not contain enough information to determine upstream host 
| INVALID_VIDEO_REQUEST_URL | Video request URL do not contain enough information to determine upstream host 
| INVALID_URL | Session ID does not contain information about host where it was created 
| PROXYING | Proxying Selenium request (shown in verbose mode only) 
| PROXYING_DOWNLOAD | Starting to proxy downloaded file from upstream host 
| PROXYING_TO_VNC | Starting to proxy VNC traffic 
| PROXYING_VIDEO | Starting to proxy video from upstream host 
| QUOTA_INFO_REQUESTED | Quota information request arrived 
| ROUTE_NOT_FOUND | Trying to proxy session to unknown host. Usually means quota files inconsistency between multiple Ggr instances. 
| SESSION_ATTEMPTED | New user request for session arrived 
| SESSION_CREATED | A new session was created and returned to user 
| SESSION_DELETED | Existing session was deleted by user request 
| SESSION_FAILED | Session attempt on specified host failed 
| SESSION_NOT_CREATED | Attempts to create a new session on all hosts failed. An error was returned to user. 
| SHUTTING_DOWN | Server is shutting down and waiting graceful shutdown timeout for currently proxied requests to finish  
| UNKNOWN_DOWNLOAD_HOST | Requested to proxy downloaded file to host not present in quota 
| UNKNOWN_VNC_HOST | Requested to proxy VNC to host not present in quota 
| UNKNOWN_VIDEO_HOST | Requested to proxy video to host not present in quota 
| UNSUPPORTED_BROWSER | Requested browser name and version is not present in quota 
| UNSUPPORTED_HOST_VNC_SCHEME | Invalid URL protocol specified for host in quota VNC configuration (should be vnc:// or ws://) 
| VNC_CLIENT_DISCONNECTED | Client disconnected from VNC API 
| VNC_ERROR | An error occurred when trying to proxy VNC traffic 
| VNC_SESSION_CLOSED | Client closed VNC session
|===
