docs/quick-start-guide.adoc, before:

== Quick Start Guide

To use Go Grid Router do the following:

. Install http://docker.com/[Docker] to host
. Create configuration directory:
+
----
$ mkdir -p /etc/grid-router/quota
----
. Create ```users.htpasswd``` file:
+
----
$ htpasswd -bc /etc/grid-router/users.htpasswd test test-password
----
. Start Selenium standalone server on port 4445:
+
----
$ java -jar selenium-server-standalone.jar -port 4445
----
NOTE: We are showing Selenium server command here because it is a well-known example. We recommend you to use http://aerokube.com/selenoid/latest/[Selenoid] instead - it is more efficient.  
. Create quota file (use correct browser name and version):
+
----
$ cat /etc/grid-router/quota/test.xml
<qa:browsers xmlns:qa="urn:config.gridrouter.qatools.ru">
<browser name="firefox" defaultVersion="45.0">
    <version number="45.0">
        <region name="1">
            <host name="localhost" port="4445" count="1"/>
        </region>
    </version>
</browser>
</qa:browsers>
----
+
NOTE: File name should correspond to user name you added to `htpasswd` file. For user ```test``` we added on previous steps you should create ```test.xml```.
. Start Ggr container:
+
----
# docker run -d --name \
    ggr -v /etc/grid-router/:/etc/grid-router:ro \
    --net host aerokube/ggr:latest-release
----
. Access Ggr on port 4444 in the same way you do for Selenium Hub but using the following url:
+
----
http://test:test-password@localhost:4444/wd/hub
----

Commit message:

Mac OS. networking note is added (#146)
note for using docker.for.mac.localhost instead of localhost for Mac is added

docs/quick-start-guide.adoc, after:

== Quick Start Guide

To use Go Grid Router do the following:

. Install http://docker.com/[Docker] to host
. Create configuration directory:
+
----
$ mkdir -p /etc/grid-router/quota
----
. Create ```users.htpasswd``` file:
+
----
$ htpasswd -bc /etc/grid-router/users.htpasswd test test-password
----
. Start Selenium standalone server on port 4445:
+
----
$ java -jar selenium-server-standalone.jar -port 4445
----
NOTE: We are showing Selenium server command here because it is a well-known example. We recommend you to use http://aerokube.com/selenoid/latest/[Selenoid] instead - it is more efficient.  
. Create quota file (use correct browser name and version):
+
----
$ cat /etc/grid-router/quota/test.xml
<qa:browsers xmlns:qa="urn:config.gridrouter.qatools.ru">
<browser name="firefox" defaultVersion="45.0">
    <version number="45.0">
        <region name="1">
            <host name="localhost" port="4445" count="1"/>
        </region>
    </version>
</browser>
</qa:browsers>
----
+
NOTE: File name should correspond to user name you added to `htpasswd` file. For user ```test``` we added on previous steps you should create ```test.xml```.
+
NOTE: For Mac OS instead of "localhost" you have to use "docker.for.mac.localhost". 
link:++https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/networking/#use-cases-and-workarounds++[Docker for Mac - Networking].
+
. Start Ggr container:
+
----
# docker run -d --name \
    ggr -v /etc/grid-router/:/etc/grid-router:ro \
    --net host aerokube/ggr:latest-release
----
. Access Ggr on port 4444 in the same way you do for Selenium Hub but using the following url:
+
----
http://test:test-password@localhost:4444/wd/hub
----
